swaddled in a shroud baby hany is held
up to cameras with his face uncovered he
had a short and turbulent life his
remaining family want his struggle
acknowledged and for him to be
remembered the baby's mom was eight
months pregnant she got injured in an
air strike the doctors managed to
deliver her but she died 2 hours later
his dad was killed on the spot as well
as his auntie and her three children the
baby survived along with his two sisters
who were injured he was born in the war
and is now killed in the same
War 7-month-old hany was among nine
Palestinians killed in an Israeli air
strike on the kta family home in Rafa
Rescuers picked through Rubble in Hope
of finding survivors bodies were brought
to the Abu us of Al NAA
hospital where Russia came to bid her
relative
farewell four of them are under 10 years
old around 1.5 million Palestinians are
Sheltering in Rafa which was meant to be
the last Safe Haven in Gaza Israel is
pressuring Hamas to accept its terms for
a temporary ceasefire but hamus insists
any truce must be permanent Barbara Ang
gupa Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer now